WRONG?
RIGHT, EVERY TELEVISION ANCHOR
KNOWS HOW TO THROW AN AXE.
HERE JEANNE MOOS.
>> Reporter: HERE IS THE RIGHT
WAY TO THROW THE AXE, THEY'RE
AIMING FOR ACCURACY AND MISSING.
WHAT YOU DID NOT SEE ON AIR IS
WHAT THE AXE HIT, OR SHOULD WE
SAY WHO?
DRUM ROLL, PLEASE?
LET'S POINT MARCHING BAND
DRUMMER JEFF PROSPERY, GOT
HAMMERED BY THE AXE, WHILE THE
OTHER BAND MEMBERS KEPT
DRUMMING.
BUT SOON AFTER PROSPERY WAS
BEING INTERVIEWED BY THE VERY
CO-HOST WHO HAD NAILED HIM.
>> A DELIGHT TO BE HERE.
>> Reporter: AND AN EVEN BIGGER
DELIGHT TO STILL HAVE BOTH
HANDS.
ON HIS FACEBOOK PAGE, PROSPERY
POSTED THE CELL PHONE VIDEO AND
CALLED THE NEGLIGENCE OBVIOUSLY
A MISHAP, SAYING, I AM THANKFUL
THAT IT HIT BROADSIDE WITH
LIMITED IMPACT AND A COUPLE OF
CUTS.
HE SAID HE WAS FOCUSING ON FULL
PHYSICAL AND EMOTIONAL RECOVERY.
>> IS IT JUST ME OR IS THAT CODE
FOR A LAWSUIT?
>> Reporter: PROSPERY IS NOT
COMMENTING AND FOX NEWS DID NOT
REPLY, TOSSING A BALL IN THE
FACE OF A BASKETBALL PHENOMENON?
ALMOST HURTING THEMSELVES TRYING
TO DEMONSTRATE --
>> WATCH IT.
>> Reporter: HOW TO BE A MAN AND
CHANGE A TIRE.
BUT LEST THIS SOUND LIKE A
HATCHET JOB, ANYONE CAN MAKE A
BAD THROW.
REMEMBER WHEN ED AMES FIRED HIS
TOMAHAWK ON THE CARSON SHOW?
AT LEAST THE